we went to misano adriatic
at a very serious educational institution
and renowned as the school
drive to steer directed by great rider
siegfried stohr great friend among other things
that if we greet him for a first course
dedicated to the guidance of the
minicar
we see
to those of you who never happened to
run into vehicles like these a
first sight cars but behind the
misano motorcycle appearances discovers the
veil on the new micro cars of the school
leading French company in the sector
of mini cars is a phenomenon born 30
years ago and today widespread in Italy and
europa on a network of 800 distributors
circuit of misano the circuit
entitled to the memory of Marco
simoncelli but protagonists of this
trip in the engines are the minicars a
increasingly widespread phenomenon in ours
country are small and very elegant
functional
we enter into their world together
do not exceed 45 km per hour have
the structure of a minivan e
especially driving them a little too
underage
all you need is a scooter license
models triumph this year
between novelty and revisitation there is the
sedan sports car and coupe on all
stands out the line of j ax 50 heir of
a racing car and spearhead of the
motor park choose an america first
of all because it is economical and comfortable
small for the city is automatic that a
advantage for the ladies can be charged
the expense the child can go to
gym alone the father is not
forced to come and go after the office
when he is tired
so there are is a family car
practically that may very well be the
second to the third family car
they are also designed for the streets more
disconnected they have a light structure but
resistant special roof panels
goalkeeper and rear wing
the interior is equipped with all the comforts
from air conditioning to integrated airbags
certainly the price list is not the most
cheap if we think it fluctuates between
10 and 12 thousand euros but the advantages do not
missing
first of all the consumption only two liters
and half every 100 km the consumption there
forget it because it is 100 km with two
liters and a half and then when you make a
full and take out only 15 euros and ve
forget it then it's a wonder a
guarantee considerable savings
energy and the new high engine
technology that allows to reduce to
maximum co2 emissions thanks to
these and other aspects in Italy
owning a minicar has become in the
years a status symbol especially among the
young
one more reason to address the issue
safety thanks to road tests
especially in curve and on the wet
the tests we do here are the same
exercises we do with the cars of the
our school and are therefore in
braking situation on funds
differentiated obstacle avoidance than
being a double transient it moves
the car is very wet
steering pad for understeer e
oversteer and then we also do a
period the journey with care because
then there are not only the emergency but there
they are also the curves in life that if
one does not make it go out
to drive courses to drive first school
of safe driving in Italy founded
from the former champion of formula 1 siegfried
stohr take part in experienced pilots and in
grass and more and more parents bring i
own children to try the taste of
four wheels but always with caution and
I can find father sons together
a nice idea because it's one anyway
stimulus to bring down the child is between
the other as the child on the road not
is that from Milan can come down here already
that there is the Pope accompanies him and since
parents who buy this car in
kind this car this mini car like
properly called they have in mind the
safety than a moped
if they touch you, you fall here if they touch you
you will make a door so I am very
security sensitive for which the
course can also be purchased
directly at the time of purchase
car because and sensitive people
to security are the most willing ones
to move to invest time and also
money to improve the level of
safety starting from the machine but
at the end there is always the driver
style of microcar gives driving
original and comfortable experience
in a world that travels high
displacement is a little big
privilege